well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today we're going to talk about uh
doing what you're told
and doing what's expected of you now
sometimes
those two things aren't the same
to start off with tonight i want you to
imagine you get a phone call
right now and it's from somebody that
you're vaguely aware of you know they
exist but
they're not your friend they've never
been to your house they've never met
your kids
you don't really know this person but
for whatever reason they call you
to remind you that their primary concern
in life is money and power
that's what they're about
out in arizona you have a whole bunch of
teachers calling in
some flat out resigning
because the government's there the state
local governments have decided to reopen
the schools those teachers are not doing
what they're told
but they are certainly doing what is
expected of them
in the most dire situations we count on
teachers
to protect the kids that's what they're
doing
they're pushing back against this idea
of reopening because it's not safe
and they know that
if they need anything they should have
our full support i'm not
just talking about people in arizona
if they ask for a call flood you can
participate in it even if you're out of
state
they're doing what is expected of them
and i would imagine that they are
expecting the community to back them up
in georgia in the same situation going
on state and local governments pushing
to reopen the schools in person
you had a parent there
she dropped off her kid kid came home
that first day was like you know there's
a whole bunch of kids in class
30 of them most of them aren't wearing
masks mom yanked those kids out of
school
not doing what she's told certainly
doing what's expected of her
if to use her words
if you feel you're dropping your kids
off at a death trap
you probably shouldn't
keep in mind even the white house is
saying that georgia
is having real issues combating this the
white house that has downplayed this at
every turn in every possible way
even the white house acknowledges the
issues they're having there
that person who called you i want you to
imagine that two days from now
they call you up and say hey i need you
to drop your kid off
in a dark alley for me don't worry
they're gonna be all right
would would would you do it would you
expect anybody to do it
probably not if and if anybody did they
would be subject
to derision from the entire community
how could you do that
what's the difference between
those phone calls and
the order put out by some person that
just happens to have governor
as a title
these governors have made it very clear
their primary concern is money
and power that's what they're about they
do not care about the kids they never
did
they're the ones who are telling you you
have to send your kids off to do this
would you do it if they said any other
situation
if they told you to drop them off
anywhere else where you felt
that they wouldn't be safe of course not
you don't have to do what you're told do
what's expected of you
your job is to protect those kids
it's not the governor's now it's not
they've made that abundantly clear they
don't care
they care about money and power
this idea that americans are supposed to
obey
governmental authorities it's really
taken hold and it's
kind of messed up because the country
was founded on the exact opposite idea
that government should take orders from
the people
and have consent of the government
they're representatives
of you they're supposed to obey you not
the other way around
if you are facing this choice
and your choice is doing what you're
told by somebody who doesn't have your
best interest at
heart or doing what is expected of you
to protect your kids this shouldn't be a
tough decision
the fact that the person telling you
issuing that order
has a government title means nothing
you still have the same expectations
you are still expected to protect your
kids
these entities do not care about them
all of the guidelines say the least risk
is online instruction all of them there
are no exceptions to this
why take the risk we need to innovate
and change our school systems to begin
with here's the perfect time
don't let a government authority who is
supposed to be taking orders from you
put your child at risk
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day